Modal: New prop for aligning modal to top (#3033)
navikt/Designsystemet: .changeset/tidy-boats-rescue.md

---
"@navikt/ds-react": minor
"@navikt/ds-css": minor
---

> Modal: New prop for aligning modal to top

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Modal: New prop `placement` for anchoring modal to the top or center of viewport. 
```

Author: When I read "top or center", to me it sounds like anchoring to the center is a new feature. (Also, does it make sense to say "anchored to center"?)
Counter-suggestion:
```suggestion
Modal: New prop `placement` for anchoring the modal to the top of the viewport.
```

Author: Or do you think we should mention `center` somehow? 🤔

Reviewer: Can omit "center" 👍 Anchoring might be to technical, so "aligning" or "placing" works 2.
